hey youtube so today guys we have a plea
interesting rumor here I'm basically
guys our target in North America they
don't tell us the exact target or
basically this target has a section in
the gaming section that says the legend
of zelda majora's mask for 3 DX 4499 so
I mean this is a pretty interesting
rumor this is suggesting that they are
getting Majora's Mask 3d un through the
s version relatively soon you want you
want to leave I mean target is a major
retailer when you will just leave on
space open for no reason so this is
pretty interesting Nintendo has not
released any information about them
actually making the game I know anoma
but after I can't say his name okay i
know a few months ago he acknowledged he
acknowledged that nintendo fans do want
the game that's about all he said so
yeah there's to be planting guys just
one more screenshot i do want i do want
you guys to see so i'm going to scroll
the screen down a little bit so you can
see it is to provide some more
information right here this is it we
have some more information here
obviously have no idea what this main
street date 21 on the magnet nevermind 6
2014 12 31 so basically it's saying just
december 31st that's what they're saying
you know sometimes I know company
sometimes do that just to be safe that
date that date may not necessarily mean
anything but still it could mean
something says active notice I mean this
is pretty interesting guys I mean I
those Dooley is in my opinion I feel
that it really is a a decent chance of
this being a real rumor and in target is
a major retailer they are talented the
stuff for no reason I mean this is my
opinion guys tell me down below do you
think is on purpose or is this an
accident no I'm saying like once it's
supposed to be here you know me I don't
believe this is like a Photoshop
picturing I do believe this little image
so yeah tell me it's just a mistake this
is actually real see you guys all enjoy
that video thank you and bye